hi I'm willing to stall with Hershey's
kitchens today I'm going to be showing
you how to make coconut marshmallow
nests to get started we're going to
first tint our coconut to do that we're
going to take a food-safe plastic
storage bag I'm going to add 1/2
teaspoon of water and to that I'm going
to add three drops of green food color
you're going to simply add one and a
quarter cups of coconut take the bag and
knead the bag until you get the color
distributed evenly it's pretty good
color so we're ready with that we're
going to put that aside the next step is
to add one tablespoon plus one teaspoon
of butter to 2/3 cup of marshmallows
we're going to microwave these until
they are melted and smooth when stirred
now that we've pulled our butter and
marshmallow mixture out of the microwave
and it's ready all we need to do is stir
in the coconut you want to stir and mix
this until it is very evenly blended the
next step is to drop this into 12 even
size mounds on a wax paper line tray I
think these are pretty even now and so
what I'll do now is to use wet fingers
and you're going to shape and mold your
little nest and the reason you're
wetting your fingers is so that the
coconut mixture doesn't stick to them so
these are ready to go all you need to do
is give them a few hours to air dry so
that they're firm enough to hold your
Easter candies our coconuts have been
sitting for several hours and they're
ready to be filled I'm going to fill
this first one with Jolly Rancher telly
beans this one I'm going to fill with
Cadbury candy-coated mini eggs and this
one I'm going to fill with Hershey's
candy coated milk chocolate eggs so
there you have it
coconut marshmallow nests
a quick and easy Easter treat enjoy for
thousands of how-to and advice videos on
any topic visit monkey-see calm